what is software? What is software engineering?
Software can't be touched but we can see it.it is a set of instructions, data and programs used to operate computers 
and exectue specific tasks.
software engineering is the branch of computer science that deals with the design,development, testing and maintance of 
software application.

Explain types of software.
There are 2 types of software.
1.System Software
2.Application Software
1. System software:Electronic devices are useless without this software.There are different types of system software.for
                   example windows,macOS,Android and IOS.It is a commputer program that helps the user to run computer
        	   hardware or software and manage the interactions between them.It constantly run in the background.
           THE FURTHER CLASSIFICATION OF SYSTEM SOFTWARE ARE FOLLOWING BELOW:
         A)Operating System:The operating system is the main example of system software. It is the intermediate 
                            between user and system.ex.,Microsoft Windows,IOS,Linus,Ubuntu,Unix
         B)Device Drivers: It operates or controls some specific hardware devices linked to your system.
                           ex.,Motherboard Drivers,Printer Drivers, Read Only Memory   	
2. Application software:Anythinng that is not operatinng system or a utility is an app.

What is SDLC.? Expalin each phase of SDLC
SDLC: Software Development Life Cycle
There are 7 phases of SDLC.
1.PLANNING:In this phase, developers do the plan of upcoming project.It helps to define the problem and scope of any 
           existing systems,as well as determine the objectives for their new systems.
2.ANALYSIS:The analysis stage includes gathering all the specific details required for a new system as well as determinning
           the first ideas for prototypes.
3.DESIGN:This phase is necessary for the developers.They will first outline the details for  the overall application
          alongside specific aspects,such as;
          user interface, system interface,network and netwrok requirements anddatabase
4.TESTING:Building software is not the end.During the testing stage,developers will go over their software with a fine-
          tooth comb,noting any bugs or defects that need to be tracked,fixed and later retested.
5.IMPLEMENTATION:After testing,the overall design for the software will come together,Different modules or designs will
                be integrated innto the primary source code through developer efforts.
6.MAINTENANCE:The SDLC doesn't end when software reaches the market.Developers must now move into a maintenance mode and
              begin practicing any activities required to handle issues reported by end-users.